message/opened.md, before:

# Hi there! :wave:

You've succesfully made a pull request! Here are some steps to do while waiting for a maintainer to review the pull request:

1. Check if the checks have failed or passed. You should see the status at the bottom of the pull request or a icon next to the commit ID.
2. Check if the filename, file format and records are valid. If you don't know if it's valid, please read [this part](https://docs.is-a.dev/domain-structure) of the documentation and use a json validator/formator, like [jsonlint](https://jsonlint.com). Make sure the file is also in the `domains` directory and not somewhere else in the repository.
3. Please make sure you've filled out the pull request template. It is generally not a good idea to overwrite the pull request template with something else unless you know what you are doing. Make sure to add either a publicly available preview of your website or a screenshot of it.
4. Please wait patiently. Pull requests may take between a couple hours to 3 days. All of the maintainer team are volunteers and try to review the pull requests in their spare time. If you want a chance of getting your pull request merged faster then send your pull request number **once** in the `#pull-requests` channel in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/is-a-dev-830872854677422150) and wait patiently.

Commit message:

Fix spelling and add note on Discord spamming
Corrected spelling of 'successfully' and added a note about spamming pull request numbers.

message/opened.md, after:

# Hi there! :wave:

You've successfully made a pull request! Here are some steps to do while waiting for a maintainer to review the pull request:

1. Check if the checks have failed or passed. You should see the status at the bottom of the pull request or a icon next to the commit ID.
2. Check if the filename, file format and records are valid. If you don't know if it's valid, please read [this part](https://docs.is-a.dev/domain-structure) of the documentation and use a json validator/formator, like [jsonlint](https://jsonlint.com). Make sure the file is also in the `domains` directory and not somewhere else in the repository.
3. Please make sure you've filled out the pull request template. It is generally not a good idea to overwrite the pull request template with something else unless you know what you are doing. Make sure to add either a publicly available preview of your website or a screenshot of it.
4. Please wait patiently. Pull requests may take between a couple hours to 3 days. All of the maintainer team are volunteers and try to review the pull requests in their spare time. If you want a chance of getting your pull request merged faster then send your pull request number **once** in the `#pull-requests` channel in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/is-a-dev-830872854677422150) and wait patiently.
5. Please note that spamming your pull request number in the Discord server will get your pull request marked as "low priority". The same for mentioning other maintainers using "@" or making duplicate pull requests.
